README.md, before:

# <img src="https://www.uniqstudio.org/images/template_web.webp" alt="TEMPLATE Logo" width="25"/> HTML Template

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipiscing elit. Amet consectetur adipiscing elit quisque faucibus ex sapien. Quisque faucibus ex sapien vitae pellentesque sem placerat. Vitae pellentesque sem placerat in id cursus mi.

## ✨ Features
- **Feature 1**
    > Feature 1 Description
- **Feature 2**
    > Feature 2 Description
- **Feature 3**
    > Feature 3 Description
- **Feature 4**
    > Feature 4 Description

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Languages**: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
- **Frameworks**: Plain HTML/CSS
- **Hosting**: Github Pages
- **Version Control**: Git / GitHub

## 🚀 Deployment
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipiscing elit.

## 📬 Contact
- **Email:** aaron.hamil5@gmail.com
- **LinkedIn:** www.linkedin.com/in/aaron-hamil5
- **GitHub:** www.github.com/aaron-hamil5

## 🙏 Acknowledgements
 - [ChatGPT: Debugging and Improvements](https://www.chatgpt.com/)
 - [University of the West of Scotland](https://www.uws.ac.uk/study/undergraduate/undergraduate-course-search/web-mobile-development/)
 - [Introduction to Web Development](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-web-development--cd0038)
     >[Certificate](https://www.udacity.com/certificate/e/4aa0e73e-4e8b-11f0-b462-e3d0d33b6813)
 - [Web Development Fundamentals](https://www.udacity.com/course/web-development-fundamentals--cd0427)
     >[Certificate](https://www.udacity.com/certificate/e/96b6c198-4e9a-11f0-b327-2735bb7bb211)

Commit message:

Revise README for BMI Calculator project
Updated project description and features related to the BMI Calculator webpage. Added deployment instructions and modified acknowledgements.

README.md, after:

# <img src="https://www.uniqstudio.org/images/template_web.webp" alt="TEMPLATE Logo" width="25"/> Univerity of the West of Scotland: JavaScript Practace - Week 6

In this project we will learn to create a BMI Calculator webpage using JavaScript to do the calculation for us.

## ✨ Features
- **Modification with JavaScript**
    > Can change tags contents with JavaScript.
- **Functions with JavaScript**
    > Creating and running functions with JavaScript with user input.


## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Languages**: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
- **Frameworks**: Plain HTML/CSS
- **Version Control**: Git / GitHub

## 🚀 Deployment
Deploy Project Locally:
1. Download the project
2. Unzip the package
3. Within the unzip folder, look for index.html
4. Launch it with your preferred browser

## 📬 Contact
- **Email:** aaron.hamil5@gmail.com
- **LinkedIn:** www.linkedin.com/in/aaron-hamil5
- **GitHub:** www.github.com/aaron-hamil5

## 🙏 Acknowledgements
 - [University of the West of Scotland](https://www.uws.ac.uk/study/undergraduate/undergraduate-course-search/web-mobile-development/)
